[Draft] Tanzu CLI Documentation (`docs-draft` to `main`) (#172)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli: docs/full/README.md

Commands within a command group can be explored via `tanzu <command group>`,
and invocable via the tanzu command, e.g.  `tanzu cluster create ....`

The list of available command groups differs based on what Tanzu CLI plugins
are installed on your machine, and on what endpoints the CLI is currently
configured to connect to.

While not always the case, commands falling with a single command group are
typically delivered by a single plugin.

## Plugin

A *Tanzu CLI Plugin*, or *plugin* for short unless otherwise noted, is an executable
binary, with one or more invocable commands, used to extend the functionality
of the Tanzu CLI. See the next section for the complete requirements on what it
takes to be a Tanzu CLI plugin.

## Plugin Repository

A plugin repository is a location (typically an OCI registry) to which authored
plugins are typically published. It is a source of plugins that the CLI can
query for what plugins are installable.

## Context

A Context is an isolated scope of relevant client-side configurations for a
combination of user identity and server identity. There can be multiple
contexts for the same combination of `(user, server)`.

> ## Target

Author: I think we should mention the `global` target. Let me try to update this to see if it looks right.

> ## Target

Author: @marckhouzam can you please check this PR to see if it looks correct? https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli/pull/178

### Plugin discovery and lifecycle management

The CLI is configured to use a default plugin repository. Through various commands like `tanzu plugin search`, `tanzu plugin install`, `tanzu plugin group install`, the CLI provides various means to discover, then securely install or update plugins to serve specific needs of the user.

Certain context endpoints will require that a specific set of plugins be installed so as enable proper interaction with said endpoints. For these, establish a connection with these endpoints will lead to the discovery and automatic installation of the additional plugins. Plugins installed through this mean of discovery are referred to as "context-scoped" plugins. To learn more about the context-scoped plugins, please check [context-scoped plugin installation](../full/context-scoped-plugins.md).

For an overview on some of these plugin lifecycle commands, see the [Quickstart Guide](../quickstart/quickstart.md)
For more details on these commands, see the [command reference](../cli/commands/tanzu_plugin.md)

### Context management

> The CLI maintains a list of Contexts and an active Context for each Target type. A command from a plugin for use with a particular Target type will always be able to access the Context information necessary to interacted with the endpoint associated with the Context.

Author: Yeah, this seems confusing to me as well. How about something like this?

```suggestion
The CLI maintains a list of Contexts and an active Context for each Target type. A plugin command with a particular Target type will always be able to access the active context information by using the APIs exposed by the `tanzu-plugin-runtime` library. This will allow plugins to interact with the endpoint associated with the Context.
```

> The CLI maintains a list of Contexts and an active Context for each Target type. A command from a plugin for use with a particular Target type will always be able to access the Context information necessary to interacted with the endpoint associated with the Context.

Author: @marckhouzam can you please check this PR to see if it looks correct? https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli/pull/178
